>> Steve: It worked, but clearly, and
now you could be smart enough, and
you could be like I'm gonna have one
request animation frame to rule them all.
But like, in a lot of these cases, it's a
lot of times useful to use an abstraction.
One I really like is one called Fast Dom,
like its whole job is to like figure
this stuff out and make it fast.
And Fast Dom effectively,
there's a few methods, but
there's only two that you care about.
Measure and mutate, right,
which are effectively read and then write.
It's a pretty small library.
If you really wanted to,
you could write this library yourself.
Basically you call measure bunch of times,
it takes all of those functions, right?
And then requests one animation frame
where it plays back all of your mutates.
So you can measure a bunch of times,
then you can schedule all of your writes
a bunch of times, and it will put together
one request animation frame that will then
play through all the things
you want to do at once.
Which will stop all of those little
yellow spikes you saw at the bottom of
the flame graph.
All right, so,
I'm gonna give that one a shot.
>> Steve: Take it for a spin.
So here I'm just going
to say fastdom.measure.
No, actually I say that up top.
So we'll go ahead, give it an anonymous
function, and we'll measure.
>> Steve: And we'll go in here, and
we'll mutate.
>> Steve: Cool,
let's give it a shot.
>> Steve: All right,
nice and smooth.
>> Steve: Let's
take a look at what we have here.
Stop that.
>> Steve: Right,
you see we don't have all
those little spikes anymore.
Schedule the animation frame,
we're doing Fast Dom is making its call.
We do have to recalculate
a bunch of stuff.
Clearly, that's not free.
We have a lot of boxes on this screen.
And we go ahead and we paint, right?
But you can see that we're
not all of a sudden like,
we don't have all those spikes
from all those animation frames.
We've used the library.
We've scheduled everything.
We're good to go, right?
So a lot of times using a tool will go a
long way to solve a lot of these problems.